now Sammy was four months old
puck allows him a lot more freedom he
races along chasing a tiny shoal of fish
it's the first time he's been this far
away from park but he's clearly enjoying
his freedom skimming along on his back
he's trying to trap the fish just
beneath the surface belly up the fish is
backlit and easier for him to see it's
right behind you oh we can we can get it
little Sammy was just starting to use
his sonar but perfecting it will take
some time determined to give it a go
this is his very first proper attempt at
catching a fish you got a fish right
there
you did it sorry got one yeah it's like
this big first fish it will be some
months before he can join the rest of
the family chasing bigger fish in the
shallows I don't know where puck is oh
she's way down there right in line with
the end of the cliff 300 meters away
mum Park is showing her the experts fish
then suddenly as if Sammy realized his
mom is nowhere to be seen
he starts anxiously calling for from the
far end of the bay she immediately
answers her calls telling him exactly
where she is now he knows her call samu
rushes off to find
reunited she leads him towards the shore
[Music]
the to touch it as if puck is reassuring
is okay
you